[Music]
to change the volume of the audio first
expand the audio clip by double clicking
to expand a specific clip in your
timeline then click and hold on the line
going through the audio and drag up to
increase the volume and drag down to
decrease the volume press shift C or the
function to collapse the
audio you can also add a key frame in
the audio for a more gradual fade in
Fade Out or to be precise with your
audio simply click where you want to add
it and adjust it the same way as you
would if it was the whole clip if you no
longer need the key frame hold shift and
click on the key frame you wish to
delete by default all audio clips are
collapsed for easier overview of the
timeline when you want to focus on your
audio editing we suggest that you click
the expand all audio button or hit shift
Zed hit it again after you have finished
for an easier overview for more precise
audible navigation you can enable audio
scrubbing by either pressing shift and S
or click on the function in the left
sidebar now when you drag your playhead
along your timeline you will hear the
accompanying audio you also have the
option of recording a voice over to your
story while you watch it you can either
press r or click on the button you will
have a 3 second countdown before you
begin your recording when you are
finished the voiceover will
automatically be added to your timeline
from where your playhead is on the
timeline if you if you have audio that
you wish to mute press M you can also
solo The Track by pressing s when you
rightclick on the number one in the top
leftand corner of the track you can then
click on the function you want by doing
this you can also disable others or
detach the audio track from the video
the one in the top left hand corner
should then change to the initial of the
function you just selected
[Music]